---
sidebarDepth: 2
---

# 명령줄 제어

명령줄 인수를 통해 Wallpaper Engine을 제어할 수 있습니다. 이를 통해 단축키, 매크로 바인딩 등 자신이 직접 작성한 스크립트 또는 코드를 사용하여 프로그램의 거의 모든 기능을 사용할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 모든 배경화면을 일시 정지 혹은 정지시키거나, 배경화면을 변경하거나, 심지어는 작동 중인 배경화면의 설정을 변경할 수 있습니다.

Wallpaper Engine이 실행 중인지 확인한 후, 프로그램의 주 프로세스인 *wallpaper32.exe* (64비트 버전을 사용 중이라면 *wallpaper64.exe*)를 실행하고 이 가이드에 나온 명령 인수를 사용하여 명령을 보내십시오. You can find the executables in the `wallpaper_engine` installation directory.

All commands are issued as a value for the `-control` parameter. For example, the pause command can be executed like this:

``` powershell
wallpaper32.exe -control pause
```

Make sure to use the double-quote **"** character for strings that have spaces in them:

``` powershell
wallpaper32.exe -control openWallpaper -file "C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\wallpaper_engine\projects\myprojects\myWallpaper\project.json"
```

## Command Overview

### Pause

Pauses all wallpapers.

``` powershell
-control pause
```

### Stop

Stops all wallpapers.

``` powershell
-control stop
```

### Play

Resumes all wallpapers from pause or stop.

``` powershell
-control play
```

### Mute

Mutes all wallpapers.

``` powershell
-control mute
```

### Unmute

Unmutes all wallpapers.

``` powershell
-control unmute
```

### Open Wallpaper

Loads a new wallpaper for a given monitor or the first monitor if none was specified. You can use either the `location` or `monitor` parameter to choose which monitor to load the wallpaper on, or open a wallpaper in a window with the `playInWindow` parameter.

``` powershell
-control openWallpaper -file <string> [-location <string>] [-monitor <number>]
        [-playInWindow <string>] [-width <number>] [-height <number>]
        [-x <number>] [-y <number>] [-preset <string>]
```

* **file:** Path to the project.json of the wallpaper you want to open or direct path to wallpaper file (.mp4 etc).
* **location *(optional)*:** Internal identifier of the monitor. You can find these in the config.json file and they are generated by your PC.
* **monitor *(optional)*:** Index of the monitor to load the wallpaper on, begins with 0.
* **preset *(optional)*:** Name of the local preset to load, the local preset must have been created and saved by you before.
* **playInWindow *(optional)*:** Name of the window if you want to open/control multiple wallpapers in a window.
  * **width *(optional)*:** Width of window.
  * **height *(optional)*:** Height of window.
  * **x *(optional)*:** Horizontal position of window.
  * **y *(optional)*:** Vertical position of window.

### Next Wallpaper

Skips to the next wallpaper of a given monitor or all monitors if none specified.

``` powershell
-control nextWallpaper [-location <string>] [-monitor <number>]
```

### Remove Wallpaper

Removes a wallpaper from a specified monitor or window or removes all wallpapers.

``` powershell
-control closeWallpaper [-location <string>] [-monitor <number>]
```

* **location *(optional)*:** Internal identifier of the monitor or the window name you specified.
* **monitor *(optional)*:** Index of the monitor to close the wallpaper from, begins with 0.

### Open Playlist

Loads a new wallpaper for a given monitor or the first monitor if none was specified. You can use either the location or monitor parameter to choose which monitor to load the wallpaper on.

``` powershell
-control openPlaylist -playlist <string> [-location <string>] [-monitor <number>]
```

* **playlist:** Name of the playlist you have created and saved in Wallpaper Engine.
* **location *(optional)*:** Internal identifier of the monitor. You can find these in the config.json file and they are generated by your PC.
* **monitor *(optional)*:** Index of the monitor to load the playlist on, begins with 0.

### Apply Wallpaper Settings

Applies wallpaper properties on-the-fly to a given wallpaper or all wallpapers. This allows you to dynamically change any settings that belong to a wallpaper while the program is running without opening the wallpaper browser and manually changing them. You can find a list of available properties in the browser easily by clicking on **Share JSON** on the right-side when selecting any wallpaper in the browser.

``` powershell
-control applyProperties -properties <JSON> [-location <string>] [-monitor <number>]
```

* **properties:** Properties defined as **JSON** string to be applied. The string must be specially escaped with `RAW~(` and `)~END` as delimiters - see examples below!
* **location *(optional)*:** Internal identifier of the monitor or the window name you specified.
* **monitor *(optional)*:** Index of the monitor to update the properties on, begins with 0.

Example of changing a wallpaper setting named `rate` to 10:

``` cpp 
-control applyProperties -properties RAW~({"rate":10})~END
```

Example of changing a wallpaper scheme color setting to red (`"1 0 0"` represents *RGB* values):

``` cpp
-control applyProperties -properties RAW~({"schemecolor":"1 0 0"})~END
```

### Hide Desktop Icons

Hides the desktop icons.

``` powershell
-control hideIcons
```

### Show Desktop Icons

Shows the desktop icons.

``` powershell
-control showIcons
```

